multiple successful solvers docs (#486)
FastLane-Labs/atlas: README.md

#### Ex-Post Bids
When bid amounts are known ahead of time by solvers the _bidKnownIteration() function is called and bids are sorted by bid amount, and executed until one is successful. If bid amounts are not known beforehand, such as when they are doing blind on-chain solving, the _bidFindingIteration() function is called to calculate the bid amounts on-chain. This is done by calling the same _executeSolverOperation() used in the _bidKnownIteration() for each solverOp, and checking the balance of the contract before and after to calculate the bid amounts for each solverOp.

#### Multiple Succesful Solvers

> In this config, multiple solvers can execute successfully and each pay a bid amount. Atlas will continue to revert solvers who do not pay their bid in this config. This config enables app specific ordering rules, rather than a standard backrun auction. If the MEV is taken by an earlier solver in this config, the next solver should either revert early or search for leftover MEV. The gas accounting will enforce that each solver must cover their respective gas costs used, the same process as if all solvers executed and reverted in a normal Atlas configuration. If there are multiple solvers with bidAmount > 0 that execute successfully, the bid amounts are summed. The sum is passed to allocateValue. settle() and allocateValue() hooks are called with ctx.solverSuccessful set to false, even though all solvers may have executed successfully and paid their bid. The DappControl will understand and handle this in the allocateValue implementation. This config is not designed to be used with the invertBidValue, solverAuctioneer, requireFulfillment, zeroSolvers, or the exPostBids, this is enforced in AtlasVerification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this config, multiple solvers can execute successfully and each pay a bid amount. Atlas will continue to revert solvers who do not pay their bid in this config. This config enables app specific ordering rules, rather than a standard backrun auction. If the MEV is taken by an earlier solver in this config, the next solver should either revert early or search for leftover MEV. The gas accounting will enforce that each solver must cover the gas costs and surcharges associated with only their solver operation (i.e. even if a solver operation succeeds, that solver will not have to pay the gas costs associated with other solver operations, or any non-solver operation calldata or execution gas cost). If there are multiple solvers with `bidAmount > 0` that execute successfully, the bid amounts are summed. The sum of the bids is passed to `allocateValue()` hook. The `allocateValue()` hook and the `_settle()` function are called with `ctx.solverSuccessful` set to `false`, even though all solvers may have executed successfully and paid their bid. The DappControl will understand and handle this in the `allocateValue()` hook implementation. This config is not designed to be used with the `invertBidValue`, `solverAuctioneer`, `requireFulfillment`, `zeroSolvers`, or the `exPostBids` configs, and this is enforced in AtlasVerification.
```
